Update attribution_scopes.md - update to when sources are deactivated (#1311)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: attribution_scopes.md

### Deletion logic

> If the current trigger passes the top-level context filter check during the attribution process, then all other eligible sources considered for attribution (across all `attribution_scopes`) will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the current trigger passes the top-level filter check during the attribution process, then all other eligible sources considered for attribution (across all `attribution_scopes`) will be deleted.
```

}
```

> The API automatically performs attribution between any sources that have `attribution_scopes` that are not disjoint with the trigger `attribution_scopes`. Any sources that do not have an `attribution_scopes` that matches at least one of the trigger registration `attribution_scopes` are deleted (assuming the source that is chosen passes the top-level context filter checks; if it does not then no sources are deleted). In this example, the API caller would receive an attribution report attributing the trigger registration to advertiser1’s second source registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API automatically performs attribution between any sources that have `attribution_scopes` that are not disjoint with the trigger `attribution_scopes`. Any sources that do not have an `attribution_scopes` that matches at least one of the trigger registration `attribution_scopes` are deleted (assuming the source that is chosen passes the top-level filter check; if it does not then no sources are deleted). In this example, the API caller would receive an attribution report attributing the trigger registration to advertiser1’s second source registration.
```
